e
so yeah stream
died
obnoxious and got to rerun that good
experiment as well
this was going well let's see if I guess
it's not that bad because we'll get to
see if it's consistent
I don't know why it doesn't connect on X
but
whatever and it's actually it's very
different now isn't it unless
uh you 3 B is on but it should
be oh no there it goes maybe
now e3b is
on
70 oh yeah now there it goes so a little
bit of variance but
uh that looks better right
[Music]
it's a lot of
variant
crazy I mean these all get averaged
right but
50 might be kind of surprised maybe in
the meantime we can look at e3b a bit
I mean this is kind of crap isn't
it yeah if you think about it this thing
is kind of
crap like I can see it helping in simple
M but I don't I don't think this is the
solution to exploration also is the chat
broken I don't know what the hell
happened X isn't connecting it's all
messed
up for some reason and I don't know why
and I can't figure out how to fix it the
Linux drivers just crash occasionally
occasionally yeah okay you're
back for some reason my ethernet drivers
just will crash and I have no idea why
and I don't know how to fix it I
literally can't even figure out how to
bring the ethernet back up without
rebooting the
machine I think what this thing
is
yeah I think what this thing is is a
strong stupid base
line is most
likely I mean cuz all this thing does
this thing does a whole bunch of fancy
math but all this fantasy math comes
down
to is like explore as many different
scenarios as possible in every single
episode which is not what you want to
do
really you don't just want to go
everywhere and like do everything
every single time you open up the game
right you want to
progress so this is probably just like a
strong stupid
Baseline I think it's the most likely
thing maybe not even a strong stupid
Baseline
n this looks like a temporary dip it's
back up
got five minutes for this thing be right
back
e e
that's
[Music]
better yeah it's better
oh
so spotty
h
there's so much inconsistency
here goes down to
500 1 minute left on this and we'll do
one last
run and then those will be the e3b
experiments for
today and then uh probably by then I'll
have it about an hour to do some other
stuff before
dinner and probably after dinner I got a
pack for a
trip plus maybe check on the network for
the cluster to see if I can figure that
out real
quick but actually we're in a pretty
decent spot with this
no
and the final
experiment it is only
0.92 but I guess we'll run it anyways
the episode length is so
long actually what is the episode
length oh we need to do way longer
maybe I guess we'll do 0.99
well it depends sometimes it's zero perc
that
there you
go yay now you can
code and don't break your install
oh that's a nice eval
minutes let me think what stuff I can
get done in the
meantime be right
back
for e
e for
this looks like it's doing
okay just a bun to the standard thing in
Sals 2404 is usually
good experiments are so long I have time
to get some exercise in
uh floor presses with
dumbbells for
though really it's not all that fun I
got to be
uh very careful with my
weight for a little bit give the
antibiotics time to fully fully get out
of my system and tendance to get
stronger so I'm pressing 45s I'd like to
be pressing 90s but whatever
all
yeah I don't I have newo bells I don't
recommend them because they kind of they
kind of flop around too much they don't
like lock really
nicely um but they go up to 80 which is
nice I couldn't get the set I really
wanted I couldn't find
it but that's
okay know B
like I said I don't recommend
them 765 I think yeah for a
set I got him cuz I needed something for
my room like I had
pneumonia um still
recovering
so I just needed something quick that I
could get to start getting my recovery
in
I've got
um well weights are
good you can literally get like a nice
barbell and at least a couple of plates
for that amount I
mean what these
cost yeah 300 and then you can get 500
bucks worth of plates which like even if
you want really nice plates
so yeah for uh I guess that's a 210b set
yeah is it one I guess you can't really
get too many plates you can get a set of
45s and 25s for about that so that gives
you
185 yeah
yeah you can you can get stuff
cheaper I mean Fitness is just about the
only thing I do outside of work so I
like to get my nice stuff I'm getting a
well I'm outfitting a couple gems
actually
but where is it
Rog oh yeah this is we're getting like a
full one of
these for the garage
I mean this is like a pretty nice
setup for a
gym they're
pricey it's most of what you need I
still need to get a I'll need a deadlift
platform with that as well and ideally
maybe a
log still need
platform there's other stuff I like to
have but for here it'll be
good in Maryland I'm going to get much
nicer setup I'll still have that same
rack but the cables will be separate
they'll be on a better a better cable
machine there'll be some additional
machines more room for training lots of
nice
stuff I'll be
soon very
good now you can
do let me make sure this is set up
right you can grab this right here
puffer tank bash Docker Dosh test once
you've installed Docker and this will
set you up with puffer
tank pullet bar and parall
that'ss I've never enjoyed training that
way is the thing it's like a good it's a
great way to train but I've really I
really really hate uh strength work that
just turns into cardio so I mean really
anything above eight or even six reps is
just like uhh
I really like doing like heavy triples
triples doubles and
singles well that's what the container
is for cuz if you break [__] you'll
break it in the
container oh my
God set your username and
[__] my gosh
it's a
username you'll use it to log
in username password yes you have
heard push-ups with
weighted I guess that works is the
weight on the back or does it cut your
arm I guess you probably do
deficits yeah you're making your user in
pass yeah literally yeah GPT can help
you with that basic stuff
you just need to get container
extensions and Docker set up and you
should be
good I think you need like the like the
uh WSL container utils maybe is the one
annoying thing you should be good
otherwise [__] I think I'm going to have
to run another experiment because of
this what's this
150 the weight's on the do you run with
this is the weight all on the
front isn't that really awkward for
push-ups
140 okay
I just get like a dip belt for um for
pull-ups and
dips I don't know when I was actually
doing them I would do I think a set of
like six or eight with a
plate I think I could do one I could
just barely get a pull up to parallel
with two plates on
it I don't really do the calisthenics
much though
like a month and a half ago I had a th
total was
nice be able to run a marathon and be
able to lift you know decent
weight and get back there the hardest
thing is I'm going to have to put 18
pounds of weight back on myself that's
uh eating that much is hard
work I think I'm going to have to run
another experiment because of how well
this one's
doing hopefully should be
easier you would think so right I got
the training background
I mean a lot of it's probably just you
have the training background right and
you know how to
train like I know my body can do that
weight and I know what it takes to get
that weight on
it's a lot of hard work though I have to
put back
in not
easy okay
eating is the hardest part it really
is e
I had to go put this in meta real
quick e
oops that's scene
change yeah you can ask me [__]
obviously what am I going to be like no
make sure you delete your file system
you
Noob GPT will give you [__] to delete
your file system it's [__] hilarious
it tried to get me to delete my
container the other
day well it gave me a Docker like RM
container and like remake
container deletes all the data in your
container I mean they like oh openingi
has AGI it's like coming two months from
now is it's such
[__] it's like such such [__]
that's
great
e e
let's see if this does anything
intrinsic reward oh wait hold
on you got to also
specify Hardware equal PO
box e
oh I also there's one other thing I did
wrong I
think yeah I did hold
on there we go
do that
and we good
enough
this e
we will
see if this is at all
useful
for
e e
that's
ridiculous all right so this is running
now
that's
different wasn't moving
before my
guy
pop or if you want a pretty one
H
top all right you know
what I'm get you're getting
homework Mr High School
student there there's your homework do
that at least do the
uh do this first half of bit maybe up to
hear metaprogramming is some
[__] um [__] yeah at least do
this section get scripting probably them
C get do that okay do
that that's called basic literacy get
that go go do that
yeah an entire class is a total of 11
hours I guess it's an IAP class so it's
MIT students take this for fun during
winter
break do it after your midterms I didn't
say do it now
yeah do all that [__] after midterms
duh yeah yeah it sucks I
know man I've literally like had
midterms where I filled like an entire
notebook studying like brand new
notebook filled entire notebook studying
for one midterm before actually maybe
that was a final but
still I know it sucks
there's no way you have five notebooks
of stuff that you fill just in the
process of studying for one
midterm yeah they get it over with
attitude only works for certain duration
of tasks
it's like days worth of [__] it's like
uh
e e
no I didn't I didn't mean for like the
whole year I meant for the in the
process of studying for a single exam I
filled uh I filled like a whole notebook
with
problems all right this is not working
that's fine
[Music]
the material gets
uh the material gets harder but the work
the amount of work goes down
generally that was a final but
still I don't even remember what the
hell that
was it was some math final I don't know
okay well I mean I think this is what I
can do for now
um unless I want to like try to start a
whole new grid envir enironment from
scratch right now but I think it's a bad
idea I'm pretty tired you got to get
like all the stuff set up correctly uh
I'd rather be fresh for that
so you know what I can
do can I go look at the
network I
see e
let's just check some really stupid
[__] po I don't know what that
is we'll just
Gro let's have fun and fix the cluster
for a bit and then I'm going to get
her
activate
SI how do I
which one
on
two puffer box
we do
this do this
can I do
this I'm just being
stupid I do it from in a
container I probably can
the
hell why that
Jesus guess they're right about the
cluster I don't know what happened
something
screwy for
have you discovered what a parito point
is from the streams
yet that is one useful
thing Pito
optimality oh
home yeah holy hell the cluster slow
what the hell's wrong with it yeah yeah
sure yeah yeah I'm just tired redo Point
works like
this you have two
variables say this is
time and this is like score
so if I have a point here and I have a
point here and then I have some points
down
here all right these two are paredo
points because there's no point that is
both higher score and faster so there's
no point that is both a higher score so
there's no point up here right there's
no point
here this point is not a parito point
because there is a point
that in this case is both faster and
higher score but it could just be you
know faster or higher
score so all the points on this front
are in a sense the best
points very
useful very useful
principle also link to sensitivity
analysis p a r e t o I don't know
probably named after some dude who knows
um it's actually this is very useful
because it's linked to sensitivity
analysis as well
so like your parito front for instance
could look like
this all right not quite that hold
on I have to like draw it
correctly so if your Pito front looks
like this right and you have two
variables that you care about and you're
a responsible engineer what you do is
you say hey I found this point right
here and uh you know it gets a little
bit better on this AIS if I go over here
if I go over here it gets a little bit
better this way but you're going to pay
a lot in this direction just for a
little over here so probably you want
this point
right whereas if the uh parito front
looks
like say it looks like um
this right then you go like
well which one do you care about
more really nice
not law of diminishing
returns the thing because it can have it
can have very different shapes in
different
contexts I think it can look like this
can it to apply the
test yeah it can look like that as well
so basically yeah
it's two variables you care
about it's not really 8 it's not a
rule or a
principle it's uh you know it's
empirical well it can be an analytical
or an empirial empirical method for
analyzing
Solutions well the
Pito Pito optimality is a bit more than
just just that you lose a lot just in
saying
that Christ almighty is this
slow
Pito let me check my w to make sure it's
not
me
no yes this is what everyone's been
complaining about I have no idea why
it's like this
very good of them to teach you
that see in order to get in order to get
taught that I had to take a upper div
grad class and fail it to be able to be
have the privilege of being taught this
so there was much pain and
suffering in the pursuit of knowledge
group
chats for
this is very
funny see this guy beat me too it I
guess or he had to save him because I
guess people don't know
it's literally everyone saying it's just
them
are way recently I added the ability to
overwrite first of all there's literally
a key on your keyboard if you have a
fullsize keyboard that does that it's
called the insert key
like doesn't this work if I do
this I guess it only works in certain
whatever and
dummy it's just very funny that they're
at like that they're like hey we added
this no it's the opposite of insert
have you never seen
this oops
oh I guess depends I think it's
yeah
exactly well this thing is down to 13
Kil uh kb per second so I think I'm
going to go get dinner and then I have
this thing work later because I don't
know what the hell is going on but uh
missing semester thing after
midterms cuz you missed a semester that
was never offered which is the funny
Point that's why it's there because you
never get taught it in even at MIT or
Stamford or wherever anyways
um thank you
folks if you're interested in not this
[__] um if you're interested in
Ultra hyperf
frl upper AI start repo join the Discord
check out the articles on
X and not this one we got the quick
start guide which I highly recommend if
you're trying to get into RL got this
nice overview video we got lots of fun
stuff I'm going to go grab some food I
may or may not be back in the evening I
also got a pack but uh yeah I'm going to
be on a little trip for a few days and
then I will be back working on lots of
cool new stuff
so see you all